This is not kindergarten
Take your child away
Hello, we are here to
No matter what you do
Get out of here, we have big people coming today
Don't be an eyesore here
big shot
Of course, the billionaire who bought our company
If you can't take it, get out
My dad just wants
The billionaire who bought your company
You learn to brag at a young age.
I'm not bragging.
My dad handed in the guarantee online last night
Gold, your dad is wearing this dress
Not as rich as our security guards
He asked for Dabao
I ate this stick
What you say is so unpleasant. I speak unpleasant.
Your own children can't teach well
I will teach you
Just a poor child like you
Growing up is also a scum who eats prison meals
Haha, in a hurry.
But in a hurry, I won't let anyone tell the truth
You say I can't say my daughter
Huh what
He wants to do it, try it
Boy I warn you
Want to make trouble here
You picked the wrong place
Su Yang